dump_db/readme.md, before:

# dump_db
Want a very easy way to take a dump of your Joomla's database ? Don't want to enter to your admin or hosting cpanel ?  Perhaps you don't have such access (just FTP and nothing else).

Put dumb_db.php in the same folder of the Joomla's configuration.php file and run it from your preferred browser (which, for sure, can't be Internet Explorer because you're a very smart guy)

## Use it
Just copy the dump_db.php script in the root folder of your Joomla website.  Use your FTP client to do this.

## Run it
Start a browser and run the file i.e go to f.i. http://site/dump_db.php.   A form will be displayed, just click on the button.

After a few seconds, a zip file will be download, it's the copy of your database.

## Remark
Don't forget to remove the script once you've finished with it.

# Images 
<img src="https://github.com/cavo789/joomla_free/blob/master/dump_db/result.png" />

## Credits ##

Christophe Avonture | [https://www.aesecure.com](https://www.aesecure.com)

---

[Get other free scripts](https://github.com/cavo789/joomla_free)

Commit message:

Improvement of Use it - Explain how to get the raw version of the script

dump_db/readme.md, after:

# dump_db
Want a very easy way to take a dump of your Joomla's database ? Don't want to enter to your admin or hosting cpanel ?  Perhaps you don't have such access (just FTP and nothing else).

Put dumb_db.php in the same folder of the Joomla's configuration.php file and run it from your preferred browser (which, for sure, can't be Internet Explorer because you're a very smart guy)

## Use it
Just copy the dump_db.php script in the root folder of your Joomla website.  Use your FTP client to do this.

1. Get a raw version of the script : click on the raw button or go to this URL : https://raw.githubusercontent.com/cavo789/joomla_free/master/dump_db/dump_db.php
2. On your computer, start a text editor like Notepad or Notepad++ and copy/paste there the code
3. Save the file (if you're using Notepad++, check in the Encoding menu that you've selected UTF8 NoBom as encoding)
4. Put the saved file in your Joomla's root folder

## Run it
Start a browser and run the file i.e go to f.i. http://site/dump_db.php.   A form will be displayed, just click on the button.

After a few seconds, a zip file will be download, it's the copy of your database.

## Remark
Don't forget to remove the script once you've finished with it.

# Images 
<img src="https://github.com/cavo789/joomla_free/blob/master/dump_db/result.png" />

## Credits ##

Christophe Avonture | [https://www.aesecure.com](https://www.aesecure.com)

---

[Get other free scripts](https://github.com/cavo789/joomla_free)
